---
layout: post
title: "Time to pack? Nope. Time to build a website? Yup."
description: "It'll be fineeee"
date: 2022-09-19
feature_image: images/hannes_and_ganesh_gg.jpg
tags: [nepal]
---

Soooo Ganesh and I fly to Kathmandu tomorrow and I still haven't started packing yet. That's because last night I decided I wanted to create this website - a place where I can collect photos and stories to help my pre-alzheimer's brain remember as much as possible about the comings and goings of the current millenium's early 20's! So future descendants, if you are reading this to me between feeding me spoonfuls of apple sauce in my memory care unit - shout out y'all. Or if you are one of people in my life who care enough about me to be reading this in 2022, wowwwww get a life!! lol jk just kidding thanks for being here. Anywayyyyyy this website/blog/gallery thingy is mostly for me and will serve as a place where I post stories and photos from my upcoming travels and, possibly, beyond!

Okay so how will this work? Honestly haven't really figured it out yet I really should stop writing and start packing. But I don't feel like it. Oh, well. Imma just write a quick FAQ:

## FAQ

### How often will I post here?

Whenever I feel like it! Maybe every couple of days, maybe once a week, maybe never again? I'm aiming to journal every day if possible while traveling, and if something cool happens I'll probably post it here! 

### Why?

I had the idea to build a new website for myself last night and got really excited about it - so here we are! Procrastinating once again!

### Where am I going?

I am travelling to Nepal tomorrow, September 20th, where I'll be spending the next six weeks! I am lucky enough to be flying alongside my good friend/climbing buddy Ganesh, a man with a heart-melting smile and a seemingly endless supply of good vibes. We'll be joined shortly thereafter by our guy Bidit, who for those who don't know is the man I have lived with in Seattle for the last three years. He is the reason I am traveling to Nepal in the first place and I can't even express how excited I am to get to spend this time with him. Over the course of the next six weeks we will spend the bulk of our time in Kathmandu, Pokhara, and Chitwan, with plenty of room for additional stops. Stay tuned for more details in the stories to follow!

